### Hi there 👋 this repository is specially made for newgen/mid/late game players
### all information, mods and links will be posted in our repository!
Basic information about the github repository owners: Skill Average 42, wiped for cheating semi known in the community.
Contact: Joaraz#0014

## Mods:
## - Skyblock Extras 2.1.8-hotfix Crack (Note using this might get your account banned from SBE)
## - Oringo Client
## - Hytilities
## - Hael Stripped Mazefix (Hael9 Fix)
Some of the mods in this repository are cracked so make sure to use them at your own risk! You might get your account banned from the official mod if you decide to use this!


If you would like us to add a mod/discord/tutorial etc to our repository contact us on discord!



tags:
#hypixelskyblock #hypixel #minecraft #hypixelbedwars #bedwars #mcig #hypixelnetwork #hypixelserver #hypixelskywars #skyblock #minecraftdaily #hypixelmemes #hypixelstudios #mciger #minecraftmemes #mcigcommunity #mcigscreenie #mcigisbeautiful #hypixelfunny #hypixelhytale #minecraftpc #memes #bedwarsminecraft #minecrafter #likes #minecraftonly #likeforfollow #minecrafters #minecraftmeme #bhfyp minecraft, hypixel, hypixel skyblock, hypixel skyblock guide, skyblock, minecraft hypixel, skyblock update, skyblock update guide, Ironman, great white shark, shark fishing hypixel skyblock, hypixel skyblock ironman, ironman, loot from fishing, hypixel skyblock fishing, hypixel skyblock lets play, hypixel skyblock shark fishing, spooky fishing hypixel, shark tooth, mayor marina, deep sea orb, full shark armor, crazy luck, insane RNG, so much loot, lucky, phantom rod, soul frags Skyblock is Hypixel's most popular game. Some of the popular items are the Hyperion, Necron armor, Storm armor, overflux, plasmaflux, the 50mMidas sword, the Aspect of the end, the Aspect of the dragons, the valkyrie, and many more. Some of the bad things on Skyblock are Duping, irl trading, and scamming. I hope you enjoyed these words which are all relevant to the video! Also, a new farming island was added which has the Golden Ball item, which no one owns and is one out of one (1/1). Rat pet is cool. Swavy, Timedeo, Fairy Soul Guide, Money Making Method, and other things are all part of the server, along with Refraction. There is this mode called dungeons where you fight with your team to defeat necron along with other floor 7 bosses. Master mode is a thing as well. They recently nerfed the strength stat, making a lot of dungeons classes a lot worse such as Berserker and Archer. Mage, Healer, and Tank should be fine. God I keep adding so many keywords, this will be an entire bible soon. The hypixel admins have completely removed sword swapping and killed the bonemerangs. The giants sword is also dead now. The Astrea is still trash. This is a Hypixel Skyblock Tutorial, or a Hypixel Skyblock Dungeons Guide. please fix negative strength because of the Soul Eater enchant, and buff archer. #nerfmage tho. I voided the Hyperion, so sad. I love Technoblade and Dream and Tommyinnit and 56ms (Swavy) and Thirtyvirus, not just because their names get views as meta tags. This video is not a Dungeons Guide, Money Making Method Guide, Hypixel Skyblock Guide, or anything of the sort. Recently, Hypixel released the SMPS, similar to the Dream SMP with members like Skeppy and Sapnap. This is long lol. I recently hit 500 subs. Then 600 the next day. Then 700 the next day. What the freak! I AM AT 800 NOW GG! Also Hypixel Admins released an enderman slayer boss quest thing, and it is pretty difficult to kill which is why you would need an enderman slayer guide or tips and tricks on how to beat the new enderman slayer. The Juju bow is really good. I also like the warden helmet and Necron Armor. I recently got SCAMMED!!! They took my Strong Dragon Chestplate, I am in tears. At least they didn't take storm armor or superior armor. The crown of greed is bad. I crashed the NEW GAME MASTER RANK and got BANNED ON HYPIXEL! The anticheat Watchdog is broken. RATS. Floor. Catacombs. Badlion is not very good. I played dungeons not using the new Terminator bow, which is very op. Thirtyvirus does not like the god potion, he says it is not a good item. Personally, I am impartial. Recombobulators are cool though! Rend VS Soul Eater ultimate enchantments, which is better! I think Legion and Chimera are cool as well! Hypixel is currently down! Large DDOS attacks forced the server to close to resolve the issues. This video is NOT an auction flipping tutorial or Bazaar Flipping tutorial. It is not a money making method video either. The mini wither can bother some people if used in a certain way. Scammers are desperate in Hypixel Skyblock. The MELON HELMET is the NEW BEST HELMET IN HYPIXEL SKYBLOCK! SUB TO QUAGLET! idk what to add sorry. DREAM SMP TWITTER DREAM STANS MCYT MCTWT LOL! Undertaker01 is my favorite youtuber. I found out how to dye ANY armor in Hypixel Skyblock. This is kind of an Armor Dying tutorial. (not) REAL!!! I became egrill (girl). Foraging is a THE BEST SKILL. Fishing too.
